[Music]
good morning everybody happy monday we
have an amazing show for everybody today
what do we have crystal
indeed we do hope everybody had a
fabulous weekend um we've got jd
scholten
he is a congressional candidate in rural
iowa running against steve king but he
has really been speaking out about
what's going on at these meat processing
plants in rural america in general so
we're going to speak with him
we also have juanita broderick of course
she accused
bill clinton of rape she was very much
disbelieved and dismissed especially by
the liberal media
we're going to talk to her about what it
has been like for her to watch the tara
read
allegations unfold and if she sees any
sort of echoes
from what she experienced um and let's
start with the latest developments there
sagar yeah i mean the latest
developments on the tara read case
were kind of dizzying from a media
perspective yes which starts really with
the new york times who has the most
genius idea and this really is
a split the difference so idea from the
new york times they're like well
they want to take a stand and say we're
going to on behalf of survivors
investigate terror reads allegations now
that seems
like something a lot of people could get
behind okay then we go through and we
see what do they actually propose
they propose that the dnc
should investigate the matter swiftly
and thoroughly
with the full cooperation of the biden
campaign now that is a take
so hot that it only took a few hours to
burn out and
inflame because shortly thereafter
dnc chairman tom perez appeared on this
week with george stephanopoulos and
guess what he had to say
well listen there's been so many
investigations of this
of the vice president the most the most
comprehensive investigation of the vice
president was when he was vetted
by barack obama in 2008. i'm very
familiar with vice presidential vetting
process
they look at everything about you they
looked at the entire history of joe
biden
his entire career but why not just
search
tara reid in those documents
this is like the uh hillary emails
because
there was nothing there already been
investigated he's already been
investigated by the way wasn't brett
kavanaugh investigated six or seven
times because we have fbi background
checks
that wasn't enough for tom perez and for
many of these national democrats
now the obama by the way it wasn't even
investigated by the fbi it was all about
the
it was by the obama vetting committee
and apparently that is good enough
for tom perez but like i said the dnc
chairman tom perez is already basically
clearing and defending him
on national television so the times
wants to say that
this man should be in part of an
impartial investigation
to investigate the claims against joe
biden also
isn't it the media's job to investigate
the claims
against powerful people because the
whole idea was that they're
independent from these political
structures unless
they're one in the same yes indeed no i
mean it was a hilarious take from the
start
like you know calling for an
investigation yes let's have a
non-partisan unbiased investigation
by that independent organization the dnc
i'm sure you know my phone will be
ringing off the hook to serve on that
commission because they'll be looking
for independent voices of course zagar
no i mean it's absurd it's completely
absurd and now we're entering the phase
of the media trying to figure out some
way
so that they can not total blatant
hypocrites on this issue
and this is one of the tactics that they
are employing here i also want to speak
to this
issue of like oh he's already been
vetted so we already know everything
there is to know about joe biden
well first of all before the metoo era i
don't even know that they were
particularly
looking for issues like that this second
of all it's not like these vets are
anything magical
how are you going to turn over every
stone until the woman herself wants to
come forward of course it didn't come up
because tara reed didn't tell you about
it
you didn't reach out to every staffer to
ask them what happened and they may not
have shared with you
everything that occurred during their
tenure so there's nothing magical about
a vet there was nothing magical about a
vet democrats knew that when it involved
brett kavanaugh and there's still
nothing magical about a vet
there needs to be actual journalism done
to investigate these claims and look we
should be comfortable with the fact that
at the end of the day
we are never gonna know exactly what
happened and you
rarely will i mean in such rare
instances would you have like
a videotape or odd or something like
that where you could say 100
here is what happened you have to look
at the weight and the balance of the
evidence
to look at the fact that tara obviously
at this point we know
that she told people at the time that
something happened to her that much we
know
right from her mom and calling into
larry king live her brother her friend
the neighbor the work colleague she
clearly felt that something happened to
her and shared that with people at the
time
did it go down exactly how she said that
could be called into question we just
don't know
but you have to balance the weight of
the evidence and you have to treat these
claims as we've been saying you have to
treat them equally and fairly and
impartially
um as has continued to occur the women
in particular who are being
vetted to potentially be joe biden's
nominee have been asked i think
rightfully so
about these allegations and how it gels
with their own past speaking out on
believe women and me too
gretchen whitmer was on with jake tapper
over the weekend and by the way
um because of technical issues the the
quality of this over on cnn was not
great
but here's what gretchen whitmer had to
say you know
jake as a survivor and as a feminist
i'll say this
we need to give people an opportunity to
tell their story
then we have a duty to bet it and just
because you're a survivor doesn't mean
that every
claim is equal it means we give them the
ability to make their case
and the other side as well and then to
make a judgment that is informed
i have read a lot about this current
allegation
i know joe biden and i've watched his
defense and there's not a
pattern that goes into this and i think
that for these reasons i'm very
comfortable
um that that joe biden is who he says he
is
oh this makes me so mad because again we
go back to 2018
what did she say she tweeted we can go
back and check the public record
i believe christine blasey ford she
should believe she should be believed
all of that
all of the same thing by the way applies
to brett kavanaugh it wasn't
good enough for them then so it's but
it's good enough for them now
the blatant hypocrisy of this is just
like i believe joe biden there's no
pattern
well what was the line crystal that was
deleted originally from the new york
times story
there is no pattern beyond inappropriate
kissing
hugging touching it's like oh that's
pretty like i mean i played the johnson
video
for all of you 2015 it was an open
secret everybody was just like oh yeah
it's just like joe he's weird and sniffs
kids hair whenever they're like taking
whenever they're taking photos with
their parents
i don't know why nobody really knows why
he's got all those photos of the
inappropriate hugging and all that i
mean he claims he's going to stop since
we are all in social distancing who
knows
but the real question is why was it good
enough for them then
and not good enough and not good enough
for them now and i think that ultimately
they're just being revealed as complete
hypocrites stacey abrams gretchen
whitmer
pretty much every person on the vice
presidential list for joe biden's
campaign
has become a complete hypocrite on this
the only one hasn't
is elizabeth warren and lo and behold
it's not because she hasn't been asked
it's because she's literally as i
understand it turning down
media appearances or is not her office
is refusing
to investigate or to respond to
allegations
about this claim that's what's happening
is my friend henry rogers over the
course emailed her office over 15
20 times wow they refused to respond
this is the believe woman feminist me
too candidate
personified nothing right and actually
tara told
us on this show that she reached out to
elizabeth warren's campaign
and kamala harris's at the time kamala
never replied of course
and elizabeth warren sent her formula
form letter yeah indeed actually warren
has a new op-ed out with joe
this morning so she's happy to i guess
still be associated with them even while
she stonewalls on questions
um i think there's a piece to here of
obviously women know when they come
forward that
every past action is going to be
scrutinized and some of the stuff that
has been said about tara
is just i mean it's outrageous and look
we're media people we expect to get
crap all the time like we get that but
if you're a regular person stepping in
the spot i mean this is a really
really rough thing to go through and
that same level of scrutiny
is never applied to the powerful man i
mean look we have a long record
of joe biden being a fabulous outright
lying i mean even in this campaign
making up a story about getting arrested
going to see nelson mandela
we have a record of i mean we can watch
the video as you point out of him
making women uncomfortable i mean that's
the bottom line overstepping boundaries
repeatedly time and time again how come
that record is never talked about it's
just yeah oh joe biden there's no
pattern of this here i
know joe biden and i believe joe biden
how come all of his past
statements actions inconsistencies etc
are never
weighed and laid out while tara they
feel free to rip her apart everything
she's ever said
everything she's ever written everything
she's ever done is all
any tiny inconsistency as she told her
story you know oh well you said it was
november and really it was december i
mean
all these things are considered fair
game but it's never the same on the side
of the power yeah i mean
i think scrutiny is good like i don't
think it's a bad thing but it's just
about the lack of application to the
other side which is what is maddening
and you see with gretchen whitmer i mean
at least jake tapper pressed her on like
why did you believe christine blasey
ford and you don't believe tara reid but
not all of these democratic politicians
are getting are getting asked that
and look we played it last uh just on
last week's show
nancy pelosi gets asked about that and
she's like i don't need a lecture from
you on me too
like i have four daughters it's like
wait that's enough i mean apparently
that's
they just continue to do this i believe
joe i know joe
biden is your job like i said the dnc
chairman the person who the times wants
to investigate the claims
is out there flacking for biden himself
there's not going to be any impartial
fair process or actually there could be
and it's called the media but like
pulitzer prize winning outlets from me
too reporting
are calling on the new york times won a
prize for looking into
me too on harvey weinstein wants to
offload
its responsibility to the dnc there's
only one explanation
they don't want to be the ones to look
into it because you know tom perez was
more right than he said when he's like
this is just like hillary's emails
it's exactly right he says it's a
non-story it's a real story that nobody
refuses to talk about
nobody refuses to really investigate and
then look this is what ben smith said
whenever you whenever credible media
just lets these things go
then partisan media is going to have to
step in and you might want
you don't want that right like you don't
want right and left-wing click bait
sites
coming in in order to fill the gap you
want people to really investigate
what's going on here but if nobody's
going to do it then somebody's got to do
it right well and that's
look we've talked about this with with
katie halper who's always obviously a
friend of mine friend of the show
and who was the first person to
interview tara and then we put her on
camera
and katie was very reluctant to be the
first
person i mean she and and tara they
tried to reach out to mainstream
journals to get someone to
investigate it i mean that's all it
wasn't like let's have a puff piece it
was like
can you please vet and investigate this
in a thorough way
no takers right radio silence and so
then what do you do
you you go with it right you do your
best to vet it to investigate it to the
best of your ability which katie did
actually
an excellent job on there's been nothing
of major significance to come out to
undercut tara's story since she did her
interview she asked all the right
questions with her
um but that's what you have to do and if
katie hadn't moved forward and if we
hadn't done our interview
i don't think this ever would have been
a story there never never would have
been brought to light until oh
probably october when republicans would
have dropped it on joe biden
and then how would you feel democrats
that this was sat on and nobody ever did
anything with it so
yeah into the void if mainstream
journalists don't step
up then yes more partisan voices are
going to fill in the gaps
and that's not on them they're actually
the ones who are being responsible in
this case bringing these allegations to
light that's on you
for not ultimately doing your job from
the beginning yeah and that's what
enables them we'll talk about this later
in the show it'd be like this is just
partisan talking points well it's like
you made it a partisan talking point
you're the ones who made it so that your
application of doing your job
exactly that's why it's why parsons have
to fill in the gap so
there we go all right we're going to
tell you what's on our raiders that's
next
you